
As soon as the headmaster’s drone was out of sight, Jenny let out a
small sigh and turned to Leo.

“You shouldn’t have done that, you know.”  

Leo frowned. “Why not?”

Jenny gave a small, tired shrug. “I mean… it was nice of you to
stand up for me. But I’m used to people picking on me. I just ignore
them.”

Leo shook his head. “I won’t allow it.”

Jenny blinked, surprised by his conviction. Then, to his relief, she
smiled.

They started walking, their pace slower than the other students as
they made their way outside to the playground. The fresh air was a
welcome break from the artificial lighting inside.

Leo glanced back toward the school entrance, where the boy who had
tried to pick on Jenny had disappeared. His two sycophants had
followed, laughing at whatever joke he had made at their expense.

“Who was that guy?” Leo asked.  

Jenny sighed. “His name’s Marcus. He thinks he runs this place.”

Leo frowned. “And those two with him?”

She rolled her eyes. “David and Sam. They’re just his
backup. Laugh at his jokes, follow him around, make him feel
important.”

Leo nodded, filing those names away.  

After a moment, he hesitated before asking, “Why did they call you a
weirdo?”

Jenny smirked. “Because I am one.”

Leo gave her a questioning look.  

Jenny stretched her arms behind her head as they walked. “I don’t like
the same things other kids do. I don’t care about video games or the
latest feed trends. And… I like to read.”

Leo raised an eyebrow. “That makes you a weirdo?”  

Jenny grinned. “Around here? Yeah.”  

Leo thought about that for a second. Reading—something so simple, so
normal—was enough to make someone different? Enough to make them an
outsider?

Jenny must have noticed his expression because she laughed. “You
better be careful, Leo. You carry around a book. People are gonna
start thinking you’re even weirder than me.”

Leo smirked. “Let them.”  

Jenny chuckled, then glanced at him curiously. “So… what about you?
How come you’re here?”

Leo hesitated, then exhaled. “My mom went missing.”  

Jenny’s smile faded.  

“My dad died a long time ago, when I was a baby. So, I guess that’s
why I’m here.”

Jenny didn’t say anything.  

But Leo wasn’t done.  

“She’s alive. I know she is.” He looked Jenny in the eyes. “She’ll
  be okay.”

Jenny studied him for a moment. He could tell she wanted to say
something, but in the end, she just nodded.

Leo didn’t know if that meant she believed him.  

But at least, for now, she wasn’t arguing.
